I'm basically working extra time to get
back in the LCS so I'm not really like I
don't have any break time I don't have
any off days hi everybody
Kelsey here with cloud 9 golden glue
with coverage presented by Omni slash so
we don't usually interview challenger
players but here you are you are with us
and I just want to know how is the
academy scene going right now I just
want to say I feel really special that
I'm being interviewed right now it means
a lot I feel like a real person
now and Academy's going pretty well
we're tied for first we play fly quest
and Team Liquid I believe next week
if we win those matches we'll get I
can't just hold this okay well then
anyway yeah so if we win those matches
we'll get first place but we walked into
playoffs I don't really care honestly
because it's just for money so I mean
I'm just basically learning as much as I
can while I'm under cloud 9 I live in
the main team house and I talk a lot
with Jensen I watched like all Jensen's
game so it's a pretty good environment
for me it's a lot of growth so I'm
pretty happy yes oh speaking on that and
the knowledge exchange that you man
Jensen have do you think that you guys
complement each other well like maybe
his weaknesses are your strengths and
vice versa actually yeah I do think we
have pretty opposite play styles he is
better at playing like a slower
controlled and more like give him
resources play style and he's very good
at playing like a greedy I would say
play style and he does not very well and
I kind of do the opposite where I play
like roaming champions very well I'm
good at using my lead to get my
teammates leads so when I watch him I
get to learn a lot about how he does it
so I can implement that in my play so I
can play both styles better and I can do
the same for him he you know I helped
him like we talked about matchups and
like item builds and with the mid lane
there's a big bin mid lane item change
recently so we're
we talked a lot about that I think we
both get a lot of use out of talking to
each other and exchanging information so
you mentioned the midlane item changes
which are pretty big right now in the
meta is there anything that you're
really excited to try out or really
excited to come back that maybe hasn't
been in the forefront of the scene for a
while well I'm pretty excited they buff
Swain a lot recently and he can use the
new items well enough I'm pretty excited
I see on the next patch not that not
this weekend but next weekend I think
Swain will be played a lot and playoffs
yeah I think I think that's all looking
forward to the most
now looking at the future so c9 just one
against optic and it looks like our so
do you know if right now they're seated
in we're like for sure I mean they're
second so I mean I'm sure they're going
to playoffs but are they like guarantee
playoffs right now yeah yeah yeah so
we're definitely guaranteed playoffs I
think clutch gaming is one win under us
and I think we're tied with that gofox
right now I'm not entirely sure about
that we're really close so we're not
guaranteed to go to Miami yet cuz only
first and second place they're
guaranteed to go to Miami um but you
know we'll see how the next next week
goes and you know if we keep first a
second-place will be guaranteed to get
Miami and we're definitely locked in to
playoffs
sure so if cloud 9 does happen to go to
Miami do you think that you'll go with
them um I'm pretty sure I'll go it's not
like concrete yet but I'm pretty sure
I'll be going to Miami with the team if
it does happen yeah is there anything
you're looking forward to doing in Miami
while you're there
yeah going to the beach hotels on the
beach I'm 21 I'm going to have a very
relaxing weekend and also we're gonna
win if we go so it'll be a good weekend
now since you've switched focused from
being in LCS to the Academy scene do you
think that there is less stress on
yourself when you're playing especially
in
ouches the matches is definitely less
stress there's like the games don't
matter too much we're playing for
basically like a tiny amount of money
mainly just focus on growth for me
[Music]
yeah there's less stress but I do have a
lot more stress because I'm basically
working extra time to get back in LCS so
I'm not really like I'm gonna have any
break time I don't have any off days
like I'm pretty much working like 24/7
so there's that stress of like
constantly that's built up after like
two months of doing that but for the
actual matches like yeah I don't really
it's not like oh I need to win this game
or I'm gonna lose my job or something
like that's just like its Academy game
see what happens so with you saying that
you don't have many days off if any days
off because it's always a grind how do
you keep a maintain lifestyle where
because I think we all know you go to
the gym I see those selfies you post on
Twitter and the snapchats but I do you
think you can find a balanced lifestyle
with all the pressure you put yourself
under I would say that definitely stress
is gonna build up over time so it's
important just to find things that you
enjoy doing to relieve stress like and
maybe in soloqueue you spin a couple of
games just plain champions that you
actually enjoy playing rather than ones
you practice like for eight hours during
scrims you do stuff like go to the gym
you eat healthier but you definitely
just seem to find ways to relieve stress
cuz it's gonna mount up and you know
sometimes like you take a night off or
like a weekend off or something and that
can help reset you for the next week so
you can work harder it's just all about
like finding ways to relieve stress
basically and overall since now you've
been on a bunch of teams and now you're
on cloud nine do you think that c9 is so
far the right fit for you and the fact
that it's really supported you and made
you into a growing and better player
yeah I think clowns like an amazing fit
for me right now and what and what I'm
doing I don't think I'd want to be on
like any other Academy team
hmm but at the same time it's it's it's
kind of like it's like man I really want
to be in LCS and Conine Jensen's an
amazing mid laner so it's gonna be hard
to like take his spot - yeah I'm always
saying like you know I really like this
org and they're great with me they work
great with me and I work great with them
I'm just seeing like how long like we
can keep this going for because right
now it's like a great it's a great
atmosphere I guess for me for everyone I
learned a lot I feel like I contribute a
lot but I'm definitely hungry to still
get back into the LCS so well I'm glad
to hear that
is there anything else that you would
like to tell your fans out there and
everyone reading for cloud 9 I thank you
for supporting us thank you for
supporting me you can watch our academy
games at twitch.tv slash Riot Games
shocker there on Fridays a lot of people
don't know when the matches are half of
our matches get streamed and then I
imagine our playoffs will be a stream
sometime soon probably be I don't know
what days it'll be but yeah thank you
all right well thank you for the
interview and good luck to you I'm
excited to see everything you do this
split and neck split and whatever comes
up after that but for everybody else if
for all things eSports you can check out
the channel
hey so Travis doesn't check any of these
he just uploads whatever I put in the
folder for him so I figured now it's
probably a good time to plug my my
Twitter my Instagram once again how to
spell B ro/di n P le TT bread and plat
pretty easy to find me I'm pretty sure
I'm the only one yeah this conference
brought to you by Omni slash